liberty it's such an interesting concept
isn't it it is professed by those who
are keen on taking it let me give
you an example we're told that our freedom
is won by our military and yet there
is not a single example in the united
states anyway of
the US military fighting for the freedom
of Americans.
And typically when the US military is
deployed,
it is there to usurp the choices and
freedoms of other countries.
And we have it now poised off the
coast of Venezuela to remove the
previously elected government.
We deposed the freely elected government
of Ukraine so that we could use Ukrainians
as cannon fighter to kill Russians.
We chose to eliminate the Syrian
government so that a terrorist entity
could take control.
And well,
maybe then they would buy weapons from
America as opposed to from the Russians.
It's what we do.
And so the military is the least free
institution in the country.
You have no freedom if you join the
military, if you sign that agreement.
You have to serve your term.
You can't say, you know,
I don't like this job anymore.
Like you can in private practice,
but you can't with the military.
You can't say one day, you know,
I just don't want to show up to
work because, well,
then you'll be prosecuted and put in jail.
If a senior officer tells you to do
something, you can't say, yeah,
I think that's a bad idea.
I'd rather do something else.
You have no freedom.
They tell you where to go,
what to do, what to say,
how to look, everything.
There's no freedom.
And in politics, it's a control mechanism.
Religion is the same.
Paul would claim that you're free of the
Torah and its laws in Christianity,
but the Torah doesn't have any laws and
doesn't even have a Hebrew word for obey.
In fact,
Yahweh in the first statement he etched in
stone says, I'm your liberator.
I'm the one that set you free from
all of these forms of human oppression.
And in Christianity,
you're bound by what I Paul say.
And look how oppressive the church was.
If you disagreed with the Roman Catholic
Church while it was in charge of Europe,
they tortured you to death.
They executed some of the most heinous
torture devices ever devised.
Freedom, huh?
Hardly.
There is one source of freedom that
matters.
Yahweh offers it to us,
and we're actually talking about it now
because
There is this myth within Judaism that
because the Torah does not designate
kosher laws,
Kosher laws are not established in the
Torah.
They're established in the Talmud,
in rabbinic Judaism.
That their argument is because God did not
do an adequate job of explaining the
kosher laws,
the Talmud in Judaism were required
because being kosher wasn't possible
without their Talmud and their laws.
Well,
that's because God doesn't want you to be
kosher.
And you might say, well,
look at Deuteronomy with a horrible term,
it's the body of a fourteen.
It says,
this is good for you to eat.
That's not good for you to eat.
What do you mean?
God doesn't want you to be kosher.
It's one of the lessons that for some
reason people can't get through their
skulls.
And it really all boils down to something
that is very essential to the religious.
They're all fixated on their bodies.
That's why women have to cover up.
Can't expose that body.
That's why they're fixated on can't eat
this, can't eat that.
You can only eat this if it's blessed
by the rabbi.
It's always about the body.
What is it about Christianity?
Isn't it bodily resurrection?
What an utterly absurd thing.
Counterproductive even.
But they're always concerned about their
bodies.
God isn't.
They give you some advice regarding what's
healthy or not healthy for your body.
That's what the body in fourteen is all
about.
But what matters is your soul.
And what you eat has zero influence on
your soul.
So if you're fixated on your body, yeah,
it might.
hang out,
you might be able to hang with it
for, um, sixty, seventy, eighty years.
Then it's gonna die and it's gonna turn
to rot.
If you were just a really good eater,
your body's gonna rot just as quickly as
if you were a really crappy eater.
The fact of the matter is,
if your focus and attention is on your
body and how it's adorned,
what rules it follows, what you eat,
then your soul is for naught.
And if instead you aren't fixated on your
body, but on your soul,
and you pay attention to what God is
offering to feed your soul and for the
benefit of your soul, then, well,
it's a whole different story, isn't it?
And the profound insight that I was able
to deduce comparing what is revealed in
Dabarim twelve versus what is conveyed in
Dabarim fourteen, just two chapters later,
is that what you eat has absolutely no
influence on your soul whatsoever.
It only influences your body, which is
not only decaying but is replaceable.
And that the reason there's only one
moratorium in the Torah on what is an
absolute do not do this is on consuming
blood.
It is to be spilled out on the
earth as if it were water.
And God explains why.
He says because blood is the life of
the nephesh.
But wait a minute,
a nephesh is a soul.
It doesn't drink.
It can't eat.
It can't consume something.
It isn't a physical entity.
So how in the world can not eating
blood somehow equate to giving life to
your nephesh?
Because when it's poured out onto the
earth as if it were water,
It is capable of purging souls of their
religious guilt,
of the decay that causes death,
and of that which precludes them from
being seen in the presence of Yahweh.
It is the bloodletting of the lamb on
Pesach and of the bull on Teruah that
prepares the soul for
an ever-ending length of days and eternity
with father and son in Shemaim.
That is the story that is being told
here.
And we got into this because there were
two back-to-back assaults by the mother
goddesses.
And that first one I've adroitly pointed
out,
that Yahweh's bringing us back to Eden.
That's the whole purpose of sukkah,
is he's transforming the entire earth on
Teruah to be just like Eden on sukkah,
so that we reenter the garden with our
beloved King and Savior,
and that we will live a thousand years
where we're all getting this second
chance, a fresh start.
if you will, to live with our God.
And he has an opportunity to create the
family he's always wanted.
And when I mentioned that, well,
there are some things that you need to
know about Eden if you're going to be
among those who enjoy sukkah.
And that one of those things is, oh,
by the way,
all they wore in Eden was a smile.
And guess who just, oh,
I don't like that.
Yeah,
women that suffered from religious guilt
that were still all wrapped up because
they were ashamed of their bodies.
Probably the same women that suffered from
anorexia and cutting and wanted to blame
everyone but themselves for their problem,
their animosity towards their own bodies.
Yeah,
that is the same cult that decided they
would impugn Yadda and Yadda Yawa because
they just hated the idea that God said
that in Eden they were naked and unashamed
because they were very comfortable being
exposed to God's presence because they
weren't guilty and that that is what we
should expect.
being totally comfortable,
being completely exposed to Yahweh and not
being the least bit embarrassed because we
know what has happened to our religious
guilt.
It's gone.
It's been shed.
It's been deposited in Sheol,
never to be seen again.
And that makes us overjoyed in God's
presence without the need of any form of
covering.
Oh,
they hated that because that was all about
exposing bodies.
And then from there,
they went into this idea that, you know,
we ought to be humble,
which means a body that is bowed down,
that is timid,
that doesn't have any strength,
not recognizing that God's intent with our
souls is to make us like him.
Bold, courageous, capable, empowered.
The absolute opposite of timid and humble.
Why he doesn't even have a word that
would express humility,
particularly in his presence.
The only people that are humbled are those
that have been opposed to his message.
Same story.
If you are confident in your soul's
relationship with the Iowa and the
benefits that he is providing,
the empowerment and the guidance that he
has given us, you're confident.
If you're not, you're humbled and meek.
It's all one story, isn't it?
It's actually because they've gone
One, two, three,
even with each of the three being
disproven,
it's called argumentum by distraction.
It's a rational fallacy.
It's what those who are lost and
misleading do.
Their whole world is ad hominem,
non sequitur,
and argumentum by distraction.
one fallacy after another but appeals to
people today because well they have
forfeited thinking for believing but it's
essential that you understand as i go
through this and speak of the liberty that
yahweh is providing that you need to know
that is his intent he is not a
lord he's a father that means he's not
a mother by the way too he is
our father and as
Our father,
his goal is to enable us to be
even more than we can imagine.
I remember long ago.
Oh, it goes back ten years now,
a decade.
And this princess of a girl,
her name was Zoli.
She was my granddaughter.
And.
I looked at how her mother and father
were constantly imposing rules to hold her
down, to control her.
And this was this sweet and genuine loving
soul that had so much life in her.
And I decided at that moment that I
would manifest liberty for her.
That whatever it was that she wanted to
do,
so long as it wasn't dangerous to her,
we would explore.
If she wanted to have tea parties and
do dollies, that's what we would do.
If it was to run in the wind,
that's what we would do.
If it was to dance and ballet,
that's where we would go.
If she wanted to play house,
I would build her a house.
And I did.
No matter what.
With every moment with her,
I told her how wonderful she was and
that the whole world was her opportunity.
She could be whoever she wanted to be.
Her response was to say something that she
didn't say to anyone else.
Baba, I love you.
And that's exactly what we find Yahweh
offering us.
He gives us all the information we need
to grow, to soar,
to be so much more than what anyone
has been before.
And for that, I love him.
Returning to where we left off on our
last program on liberation,
this says absolutely, ah,
truthfully and reliably, even immediately,
just as that which is attractive and
desirable.
And that which is helpful, empowering,
and edifying is being enthusiastically
consumed.
So now, you may eat it,
the clean and the unclean,
together and alike as if they were the
same.
It can be consistently and
enthusiastically eaten.
The body and words never should have been
Deuteronomy.
Got an argument with that?
Do you think God made a mistake?
Do you think that his intent were to
say, nope, you must obey me.
I am the Lord over you.
I will determine the menu here.
You will eat what I tell you to
eat and nothing else.
And you will like it.
Or I will send your sorry soul to
hell.
Is that your preference?
Do you think you're gonna earn God's
respect by not eating a shrimp?
Do you think your soul is going to
be somehow influenced by having a baby
back rib?
Is that your take?
Is your understanding of God that limited?
Evidently,
that is the case with many people.
I've read their posts.
The only exception, rock,
the lone exclusion is to be absolutely
steadfast and certain with a hard and fast
rule, Chazak.
Chazak is the opposite of humble, timid,
compromising, lowly, meek.
It is firm.
holding the line, powerful, committed,
certain, hard-nosed, that you never,
under any circumstance, consume the blood.
This is because its blood represents life.
And so you should not consume that which
facilitates its consciousness along with
the flesh.
You should never consume it.
As upon the earth,
you should pour it out just as if
it were water.
This is Dabarim.
Words should never have been called
Deuteronomy, twelve,
twenty three and twenty four.
The second time that God has brought this
up.
Blood.
And the reasons I've already shared with
you.
Blood.
Was shed twice.
Was it not?
Throughout the Mikra, I mean,
there's two really,
really bloody sacrifices in the Mikra.
Passover where Doe's Bashar body is
crucified and he goes into great lengths
talking about his body is so ripped to
shreds by the Roman whips prior to
crucifixion that he's not even recognized
as recognizable as human anymore.
And he goes over and over and talks
about how his body is atrophying and it's
drying up and it's suffocating with the
agonizing pain of crucifixion,
which pretty much tears up the, oh,
by the way,
Dode can't be the Messiah as the person
who fulfilled Passover because there's no
human sacrifice.
Then what in the hell was he talking
about in the twenty-second mizmor?
It was his body that was ripped to
shreds.
It was his body that suffered that
anguishing death.
And he went through great detail,
graphically,
to explain exactly what his body would
endure on behalf of Passover.
Want to think it through?
What happens and you're told,
what are you told to do with the
blood of that Passover lamb?
Aren't you to smear it on the uprights
in the horizontal beam of your doorway?
And isn't it serving as a sign to
the Malak to pass over that home so
that you might live?
Isn't that the purpose of it?
Are you aware of what happens on Teruah
where the bull is bludgeoned to death
Blood everywhere.
And then Elia is told explicitly how to
prepare that sacrifice.
Right there on the eastern side of the
tent of the restoring witness.
Overlooking the Mount of Olives.
When Yahweh says that he will release
copious amounts of water.
And that he will ignite the fires.
And there will be the greatest show on
earth.
As the fire.
The ash.
The blood.
And the water.
All serve to purify.
The souls of the remnant of the children
of Israel.
That have been brought to Jerusalem.
So that they can be restored and
perfected.
So they can enter the presence of Yahweh
and Dode.
As they return on Kippurim.
This is the message.
It's God's story.
You can accept it.
You can reject it.
But you can't alter it to suit your
religious proclivities.
Yes,
this is because the blood represents the
soul.
That's what matters.
That's why your body can eat whatever it
wants because it has no effect on your
soul.
The influence over your soul is based upon
the blood that was shed on Pesach and
will be shed on Teruah.
Pour it out as if it were water.
So it's the blood of the Passover lamb
that is not consumed,
but instead used as a sign on the
doorway to life.
God did not want us to miss the
significance of its sacrifice or fail to
appreciate its effect on our souls,
or that the bodies of two men were
fulfilling these mawed mekre.
But far more important,
Yahweh is emphatically
distinguishing between the body Bashar and
the nephesh soul.
Because Pesach and Teruah sacrifices were
both of the Bashar and not of the
nephesh.
Just as the lamb and the bull serve
as symbols for Dode and Friada,
their blood is symbolic of the life that
they are providing through their death.
But neither man perishes.
Just the bodies representing these
sacrificial victims of the thousands of
profound and previously unheralded
insights presented through Yada Yewa.
This is among the most valuable.
The bloodshed was for your Nefesh.
What you eat is for your Bashar.
Dode's and Yada's fulfillments of Pesach
and Teruah as the Eyal and the Adamah
Parah are the furthest things from human
sacrifice.
Their readily replaceable and restrictive
Bashar bodies were gladly offered as their
nephesh souls were cherished for them
having done so by Yada.
Similarly,
the blood on the doorpost and the wine
as part of the festival feast is symbolic
of offering one life for many.
Such is the story reflected by the King's
Bashar Herald.
And of course,
with the second iteration of this
admonition, never to drink blood,
God has killed two religious myths.
The Eucharist is wrong.
And so is the book of Ezekiel that
celebrates eating a man's flesh and
drinking his blood.
That is what Satan incarnate will do with
mine as its sacrifice for you on Teruah.
I would also
like to suggest that just as Dode's blood
as the Passover lamb poured out of his
wounds and upon the ground of Moriah two
thousand years ago soon it will be Yadah's
blood that will run off of Moriah as
a cleansing balm during Teruah one brought
life the other purification and in the
case of the Bashar observant bull this
Obed Edom
His blood will be mixed with the water
that Yahweh will release from inside the
Temple Mount to wash away the residual
guilt of the mortal remnant of Israel.
So still speaking of never drinking blood
and thereby denouncing Christianity and
Ezekiel's Lord, we read,
you should never consume it.
for the express purpose that it will be
good for you, better for you,
making you prosperous and successful,
making you beautiful and cheerful,
able to perform as needed,
and for you and your children after you
in the end as part of your remnant
who remain.
Did you know that God made this statement
prophetic?
He's saying that if you can remember not
to consume the blood,
not to be fooled by Satan and his
representative on Teruah who will bludgeon
the Adamah Parah and then take his flesh
and blood and eat and drink of them.
If you have finally come to the
realization that he is Satan incarnate and
that you should not admire him as so
many Jews do now of Donald Trump,
and you recognize him for the fraud that
he is and you do not follow his
example and you reject the book of ezekiel
you reject christianity and you begin to
listen to god you'll recognize that this
statement is prophetic it will be good for
you and it will be good for your
children who in the end are part of
that remnant that remains
Therefore,
you act and engage doing what is right
in the eyes and the sight of Yahweh.
If you want to be part of his
family, act right.
Stop being religious.
Stop your belly aching.
Stop your fixation on the body.
Stop being worried about what you're
eating or how you're dressed.
or whether you appear all bowed down and
humble and timid,
or if you stand up proud to be
in a relationship with the Iowa,
get your attitude right.
That's hard to do when you're hanging in
a company though of revolting psychotic
liars though, isn't it?
By the way,
I was asked by the king of cables,
Rich, moments before this show,
because he dragged me away from having a
marvelous time.
Drat you for doing that.
To do this program,
because I was in the midst of writing
my analysis and commentary on what may be
the most profoundly important
song of our day.
Now,
that's a bit of an exaggeration because
nothing beats the eighty ninth Mismore and
explaining who does is and God's
relationship to our Messiah,
the son of God and our savior.
But the thirty fifth Mismore.
Oh, my God.
And it.
It's hard to express in words.
Just how overtly.
It exposes and condemns this Mother
Goddess cult that has been so ruthless in
trying to disparage me and to destroy
Yadda Yahweh.
In every possible way,
it is ripped to shreds.
And it's not only Dode and Yahweh who
renounce them.
The very spirit that they've turned into
Mami dispatches them to Sheol.
It is, and it's an amazing experience.
And it is a part of Bashar Harold
coming home for which this chapter on
liberty is also enveloped into.
And so it will be part of a
series of ongoing programs.
And it also feeds right into second Samuel
six, which is another ode to,
if you're right with God,
You can be naked in his presence and
you can party hardy.
And that the women who says, oh,
that is shameful.
Not as an answer for them,
but even more than that, that chapter in.
Second,
Samuel six is an ode to the enduring
relationship.
Between two men.
Between one named Dode and the other one
named
Obed-Edom,
and how they will work together in
restoring the Ark of the Covenant to its
rightful place.
It is, well,
there's so much that we have in store
for us as we move forward.
So why do you suppose,
if you haven't thought this through,
if it hasn't dawned on you yet,
that Yahweh would be so adamant that
We never drink blood.
Was it because the risks to our health
are extreme?
And they are.
The fact is,
but if that was the case,
he wouldn't equate it to our souls,
now would he?
You ever think a soul ever got the
salmonella?
A soul ever get hepatitis?
Or is that those diseases for the body
only?
was it could not therefore be as a
result of the health risk to the soul
since he equated it only to the soul
and not to the body.
The fact is that we humans prefer our
meat cooked.
And therefore, for the most part,
the pathogens that the little bit of blood
that isn't drained out of the animal prior
to while it's being butchered and prepared
for being cooked is made safe.
So.
We as humans, you know,
it's kind of interesting because we prefer
the taste and the texture of meat and
because those who cook their meat live
longer than those who didn't because of
the pathogens that cooking kills.
Another ode to why God loves the metaphor
of fires is the fact that
The only humans that lived were the ones
that cooked their meat over fires.
We lost the immunity that other animals
have that don't cook their meals over
fires.
Last time I checked,
wolves don't say who's going to rub the
sticks together and cook the goat that we
just killed or the deer.
And so they have immunity.
to blood pathogens where we humans have
lost that immunity.
So it's actually pretty toxic to our
bodies to drink blood.
So this is the realization that unlike
other animals,
we lost or maybe never even developed the
ability to counter bacteria and pathogens
and blood.
So beyond the health concerns was God's
moratorium because this was the practice
of pagan and later incorporated into
Christian religions through the Eucharist,
drinking blood,
because it was very common.
They would drink the blood of their
enemies.
This was...
Was this the reason?
Or was there another lesson?
One heralding the Bashar,
since that last statement, of course,
spoke of the final remnant whom the Bashar
is responsible for.
Was Yahweh revealing that this final
sacrifice would be so essential to their
wellbeing of his people that they needed
to be reminded of the importance of being
set apart from the corruptive and deadly
nature of religion and that God spoke
prophetically about what was to come so
they were prepared for it,
that they wouldn't be fooled at this last
date by the corporeal manifestation of
Satan and the copper con as revealed
through Yahweh?
Satan's playbook and Ezekiel?
Was this the reason that Yahweh addressed
their descendants and he referenced the
final remnant who remain in the end?
Is the sacrifice of the Bashar the means
to make them right in the sight of
Yahweh?
Or why go from where they were?
to three thousand four hundred and fifty
years distant in time.
Well, my friends, to be Kodash set apart,
we must be uncommon.
And that means non-religious.
It means apolitical.
Apart from Yada Yawa,
have you heard this message proclaimed
anywhere else?
For the benefit
of the relationship and to reveal the way
to enjoy life.
They should choose to always be,
without exception,
set apart such that you are uncommon.
Asher, Rock, Kodesh.
Kodesh is with a Q, not a K.
It's not kosher.
There is no R, Rosh, in the word.
There's no Kof, K, and there's no Rosh.
And it has a Dalet.
Kodesh means to be set apart,
means to be other than that which is
common.
And therefore to be Kodesh is to not
be religious.
to not be political,
to not be conspiratorial.
Kosher means to be religious.
So if you're guided by kosher laws,
you are not Kodesh.
They're opposites in this regard.
Concerning yourself and your approach,
your promise and binding oath should be
respected and honored.
It should be lifted up and born.
So that you can go to arrive at
and be included within this site,
this place to take a stand,
which to reveal the way to receive the
benefits of the relationship.
Yahweh has selected and prefers.
He has chosen and continues to appreciate.
Dabadim words should never have been
called Deuteronomy twelve twenty six.
Yes,
being set apart from the confounding
intermixing of religion and politics in
Babel,
Babylon is the lone prerequisite to be
part of the Bereth covenant.
It is what we should choose to enjoy
if we want to live our lives with
God,
doing so without exception or
equivocation.
We should not bow to the religious lore
that celebrates humility, obedience.
Dressing such that every little inch of
your body is covered up.
Mandating what foods you can and cannot
eat.
Yahweh's oath
well, his binding promise to us,
is found in the Torah,
and ours in response is,
in our vow to value the covenant and
a relationship with him at the exclusion
of religion and politics.
And just as we can trust God,
he expects us to be true to our
word too.
You can't go from one day claiming to
be covenant and working to support the
mission of Yahweh, the purpose of Yahweh,
and this announcement to his people to
bring them home,
and then the next day try to tear
all of that apart.
Our commitment to and confidence in Yahweh
should be lifted up and proclaimed,
worn like a badge of distinction and
honor.
And as has been the case throughout this
narrative,
the one place that God's people can go
to arrive at these conclusions at this
time and be included as a part of
Yahweh's covenant family is Yadda Yahweh.
There is no other place.
And that has been so for the past
twenty four years.
There simply is no other.
It cannot be found today and Israel.
Can't couldn't have been found in Israel
for much of the past thirty five
centuries, could it?
Ever so briefly.
Withdode.
Fleeting moments with Solomon.
the blink of an eye with Hezekiah.
But other than that,
this is the first time that Yahweh's name
has been reintroduced to God's people in,
well, twenty-five centuries.
This is the first time that the Torah
has been properly presented.
It's the first time that the oldest
witnesses to Yahweh's testimony have been
held dear.
have been expounded upon,
have been amplified,
have been presented accurately and
completely.
Where else would you go if the title
of this is what you desired?
And why would Yahweh speak of this
preference for his name when this is the
only place that his name has been
for twenty-five centuries,
if this wasn't his choice.
The site Yawa has chosen and prefers is
yadayawa.com.
It is there that we reveal the way
to receive the benefits of this
relationship.
beginning by denouncing the religious and
political adversaries and their
deceptions,
clearing away the muck so that the
profound truth about Yahweh and his
beloved son, Dode,
the conditions of the breath and intent of
the Mikrei can be known, capitalized upon,
enjoyed, shared.
Now a relationship is of no value unless
both parties engage in benefit,
such as the story of the Barath as
told by the Bashar.
Then you should act and engage
capitalizing upon the elevating offering,
which helps you rise of the Bashar,
the body of the human herald.
in addition to the blood on the
sacrificial altar of Yahweh, your God.
So the blood of the sacrifice killed for
you will be poured out upon the
sacrificial altar of Yahweh, your God,
so that you may be continually nourished
by it and by the Bashar, the body,
of the human herald.
Dabarim words, Deuteronomy, twelve,
twenty seven.
Yes,
in a teaching that was delivered thirty
five centuries ago,
there is a prophecy for a day,
eight years from now.
God wants you to know that you should
act upon what you're hearing.
you should engage,
you should capitalize upon this elevating
offering that will soon be made by the
Bashar, by the body of the human herald.
Of course,
in addition to the blood which is shed
on the sacrificial altar of Yahweh,
your God.
When Solomon got up and gave his speech,
about the NACRI, the observant foreigner.
As I shared with you yesterday,
as we were in the Ocean Studio,
he did not need to define or describe
the NACRI, this observant foreigner,
because everyone there had heard of the
NACRI previously.
And this is because the Nakri is not
introduced by Solomon,
not in year three thousand and seven.
Yeah.
No.
You see,
the Nakri was introduced by Yahweh in the
twenty ninth chapter of the Badim.
And he specifically uses it as a title.
It's Ha-Nakri.
And he talks about how this observant
foreigner would play a vital role in the
survival of the final remnant of Yisrael
in the last of days.
Purging them of their guilt.
That is the story of this Bashar.
Also from the Torah.
God began talking about his plan long,
long before it would be implemented.
And he wants you to know.
You can oppose him.
You can accept him.
You can be nonplussed about him.
Your choice.
But you are without excuse.
God has made it clear.
And when I mentioned that Solomon gave the
speech
on the Temple Mount at the day that
Yahweh's home for his name was completed,
which not so coincidentally was the day
that this Bashar will offer the sacrifice.
It was on Teruah.
He specifically stood,
climbed upon and stood in this altar.
an altar that has two sets of horns,
that of the ram and of the bull.
And he stood in this altar because that
is where this blood will be shed.
The blood of the Bashar in the sacrificial
altar of Yahweh.
because it's not the fact that it's blood,
it's the fact that Yahweh knows how to
use it and will use it in this
case to purge the religious guilt of his
people so that they're prepared for his
return with doubt,
for this new beginning and our return to
Gan Eden.
You see,
it is the blood of that sacrifice
that will be poured out for you on
this sacrificial offering with everyone
gathered around being purged by the fire
and the ash and the blood of the
Vakkar, these observant bull.
On Teruah, an advance of Kippurim,
all so that these
Kippur,
the mercy seat of the Ark of the
Covenant can be anointed and that all is
good in the neighborhood and that we
celebrate forevermore with our God and his
beloved son.
That's why it's poured out on the
sacrificial altar of Yahweh.
He's the one who transforms it.
He's the one who makes it purging and
cleansing.
He's the one who...
who knows that he can transform this into
something that is nourishing for your soul
as it is provided by the Bashar,
the body of the human herald who is
bringing this message to you.
To be covenant, we must act.
To be with God, we must engage.
And a time will come when the surviving
remnant will either capitalize upon the
sacrifice of the Bashar or they will die
along with the religious, the political,
the conspiratorial and the militant,
all of the bloodsuckers among men.
And in this case,
you can do as the mommy goddesses have
done and go from sponsoring the
realization that yada is
this Bashar, this Bakur, this bull,
the Adama-Para, the Choder, the Nakri.
Or you can pretend that these titles,
a hundred some of them,
and their presentation nearly a thousand
times is meaningless.
There's no reason that Yahweh called it
called him Hanakri in the Torah,
or had Dode's son Solomon speak of him
during the Sermon on the Mount,
you can negate it all.
Or you can pretend that somebody else is
gonna come along,
that just now with seven months remaining
before the first phase of the two
Shabuwas,
May,
twenty second of twenty twenty six and
June eleventh of twenty twenty seven.
That somebody else is going to write
somewhat thirty five books.
Entitled Yada Yawa.
Someone else.
will recognize that, oh man,
that really speaks of me.
I'm the guy that is going to allow
my body to be bludgeoned so that there's
only one bone that remains unbroken.
I'm gonna be that bloody pulp.
I can't wait to be torn to ribbons
by the likes of Donald Dumpster and his
henchmen.
Sounds like real fun.
I think what I want to do is
I want to be exposed with a target
on me for being the first person to
recognize that Jesus is a myth,
that he is nothing but a crude counterfeit
of Dode,
and that Dode is the actual son of
God, the returning king, the Messiah,
the sacrificial lamb of Passover,
the one who removed our guilt on Matzah,
the one who spoke in first person of
what he would endure.
And to be trashed.
by all manner of people and shunned and
attacked,
slandered for bringing that truth.
Maybe you'll find somebody else that's
going to stand up and say,
that's what I wanna do.
And let's just pretend they do.
You don't volunteer for this mission.
I know, by the way,
it requires the seven spirits of Yahweh to
accomplish.
and he has never handed them out to
anyone else before,
nor is there any indication he would hand
them out to anyone else after.
Do you know that on the most recent
post by the mother goddesses trying to
demean me,
they have a chat box
pretend that they are scrutinizing the
claims that are made of the Choder.
And the chat box says, oh, yeah,
I don't want to read that sleepy stuff.
It's just a bunch of mumbo jumbo,
too many words.
I don't want to read that.
But I'll approach this Choder claim by
saying that, you know,
religious Jews say it's messianic.
And, of course,
the Christians think it must be their
Jesus.
for Yada to claim it of himself.
Well,
that's his own religious philosophy that
he is putting himself where he doesn't
belong.
So unable to think.
unable to deal with amplified
translations,
which the chat box says can't be
translations because they're unlike any
other translations.
So an amplified translation that is
actually more complete and provides the
means for you to verify all of the
words, that can't be a translation.
No,
because it's not like the religious
translations.
And because there are thousands upon
thousands of religious scholars that say,
oh,
it's Jesus Christ that it's talking about,
or no, it's a messianic prophecy.
And they're not smart enough to know
there's no mention of a Messiah in the
title.
And Choder certainly isn't at the same
standard as Messiah.
It's not even the same standard of Shamak,
which is the branch that Dode represents.
What a damn sucker.
And yet unable to think,
they turn this over to a chat box
who says, nope, can't be.
And they revel in it.
That's how far they have fallen.
The fact is the sacrifice of the Bacar.
as the Bashar, as Obed-Edom,
as the Adam of Parah on Teruah.
It will be the final bloodletting of the
Moedim.
And as the blood of the man representing
the bull is poured out on the foundations
of life upon the Temple Mount,
seven drops will be collected by Elia and
given to Dode to anoint the mercy seat
of the Ark of the Covenant seven times,
ushering
the return to the garden on the seventh
millennia of Yah's timeline.
His body will die to bring you an
extension of life.
And so now and forevermore,
your soul can be nourished by the herald,
by Yara, by the testimony from Yahweh.
found throughout the twenty-five thousand
pages of Yada Yawa and through this Yawa
blog.
Now,
when I was directed to this narration from
the Torah regarding what we should and
should not eat this past week in response
to those from the Mother Goddess cult
denouncing Yada Yawa,
literally trying to trash it on this
basis,
I of course did not expect to see
what we have just read,
but it's ubiquitous.
Every time they choose a sword to fall,
it thrusts right through their heart.
Every time without exception.
And that is not only because I had
skipped past the preceding verses and my
review of this passage in the closing
chapter of the opening volume of An
Introduction to God long ago when I shared
it.
Because I translated it more than a decade
ago.
It's because I was not prepared to
comprehend its implications until this
moment.
And I think that is why God asked
me to move away from being a full-time
writer
who was a translator and commentator on
his testimony,
to someone who spends their time mostly in
the blog,
either promoting the sites that conveyed
the Yahoo blog or producing it.
And now of course,
writing fresh and new text from it by
translating and commenting on passages
that we had not previously considered or
that we're now reconsidering for a variety
of purposes.
Because then in this forum,
the most recent insights,
the sum total of all that we have
learned and comprising all of these books
throughout the years,
twenty-four of them up to this point,
can all be shared in the moment.
That's why this is a live stream.
God's very smart about the process,
about the timing,
about the means that he would use to
convey all of these truths to you.
And finally, we're prepared to know,
and we're learning at an exponential pace,
and we're conveying the truth as never
before.
So now I not only feel vindicated as
I have so many times in the past
and indeed appreciated,
but even to some degree humbled,
which is a rare experience in a life
called to express confidence and courage.
But I'm left to wonder if Dode also
felt this way.
as he envisioned and then described what
he would endure on Pesach.
Part of the thought is that, God,
what in the world did you see in
me that would cause you to trust me
to do this?
You're asking a lot,
and I'm delighted to give it,
but what in the world?
Did you see in me that you would
trust me enough, not only to do this,
but to write about the fact that I
would do it, thirty-five years in advance?
I mean,
it makes you feel so small and yet
so big.
It's the most amazing out-of-body
experience.
You know, you're just one little person.
And yet the role that you're being asked
to play has such ramifications for all
time.
All because of what God does with it.
So while we could linger here until the
flock returns,
we must move on to the next statement.
Where Moshe encourages Yisrael to closely
examine and carefully consider this
prophetic pronouncement from God.
He says,
remain focused and choose to be observant.
And listen to each and every one of
the words.
Shamar, shama, eth kol ha dabar.
Wow.
Which to show the way to receive the
benefits of the relationship
I am instructing you for your edification,
for your education to direct your
thinking,
because this response will be best for you
and for your offspring after you,
especially in the end,
as part of your remnant who remain as
an add.
restoring witness to the eternal testimony
forevermore.
Therefore,
you should actually and consistently act
upon and engage in that which is
prosperous and pleasing,
productive and beneficial,
as well as right, straightforward,
and on the level, upright and correct,
in the sight of Yahweh, your God.
Dabarim words, Deuteronomy, twelve,
twenty-eight.
There are very few things our God asks
of his creation, but first and foremost,
among his requests,
is that we remain shamar, observant.
and that we listen to him,
eyes and ears,
both plugged directly in to our brains.
And this is so that we might know
what he is offering and what he expects
in return.
And so that we can respond intelligently
and so that we do not react religiously,
so that we don't have to go to
a chat box.
And stop thinking.
So you'll note.
That God wants us to feed our brain.
Not exercise our mouths with prayer.
Or flex our knees in worship.
With every word of the Torah.
We should celebrate them as music to our
ears.
As jewels.
To hold.
And enjoy.
They are all.
there to lead to the benefits of the
relationship that Yah intends through the
covenant.
In this way,
the Torah has become our teacher and our
guidance counselor.
Therefore, our response, well, it awaits.
By being Shema observant,
we will anticipate the arrival of the
remnant and celebrate the sacrifice of the
Bashar, the body of the human herald.
Others will be religious in their
application of kosher laws and turn Yahweh
into an intrusive and overbearing Lord.
By Shama listening,
we will embrace our Heavenly Father as our
God.
Or by Babel, intermixing truth and lies,
others will protest that they speak for
their Asheri, their mother goddess.
Therefore,
I'm instructing you as Yahweh counseled
us,
doing so because an educated response will
be better than an ignorant one.
I'm sharing the Torah teachings so that
this final remnant of Yisrael benefits
from the ad,
the restoring witness to the eternal
testimony.
Olam forevermore.
And I am advocating on behalf of Yahweh
because the Bakar, Bol, Bashar, Harold,
and Ad witness their one now and forever.
Realizing this,
you will either asha or not.
Are you willing to act and engage in
a manner which is tobe, pleasing to God,
and beneficial for your soul?
Is this what your nephesh desires?
Is being yashar right with Yahweh,
your priority?
Or are you among the many who have
and will continue to antagonize God while
agonizing over all manner of minutiae?
Those who are Torah observant,
those who listen to Yahweh,
and those who act upon his guidance are
productive and pleasing,
on the level and right.
But those who are misled,
they're going to be eliminated.
When Yahweh your God uproots and removes,
cutting off, casting away, and banishing,
the people of different ethnicities,
religious governments and cultures apart
from Israel,
whom to receive the benefits of the
relationship you pursue there to remove
and dispose of them,
to dispossess them from your presence,
displacing them.
And then you settle within their land and
remain
Be diligent and observant,
choosing to closely examine and be
contemplative so that you are not lured
into their dominion and influence,
being controlled, trapped, or ensnarled,
following after them in the end as part
of the remnant who remain.
Once they have been destroyed, overturned,
exterminated and eliminated from your
presence,
unless you inquire about and seek after
their gods, goddesses.
How and in what ways did these Gentiles
labor on behalf of and strive to serve
these, their gods,
so that I too will not do the
same as which you should question?
You should know what they did and you
should not follow in their footsteps.
This is the body and words should never
have been called Deuteronomy,
and I'm going to review it superficially
because we'll return to it in our next
program as the end of this one.
And as an opportunity to recognize that
God is opposed to religion.
The thing that he did not want his
people to do is to pay any heedance
to the gods and the religiosity of the
Gentiles.
And yet that is what his people have
become.
They are more defined,
Jews are more defined by religion than any
other culture in the history of humanity.
In fact,
rabbis have made being Jewish and Judaism
synonymous.
And so God's people have done exactly the
opposite of what God asked,
integrating their ethnicity and their
religiosity.
The very thing here that God says do
not do.
And make no mistake,
God is not trying to save everybody.
He is not here trying to help the
Israelites when the majority of the
Israelites are either overtly political or
overtly religious.
Because what he says to his people is
that,
you're gonna be uprooted just as they will
be.
You're gonna be cast away just as will
be those who have shown an affinity for
false gods.
So if you wanna receive the benefits of
the relationship,
these people who you need to disassociate
with because they are deceiving about God,
You should distance yourself from them.
They're toxic.
They're paralyzing.
They will destroy your soul.
So if your goal is to settle in
the land,
if your goal is to be part of
those who enter the restoration of Eden
and then into Shamaim,
if that is your intent for your soul,
then you need to be far more diligent
than so many have been.
You need to closely examine and to
contemplate God's testimony in its
entirety.
You can't stoop to a chat box.
You can't stoop to your claim to fame
is your animosity for the one person that
taught you everything you've known up to
this point about God.
Just because you want to speak for a
psychopath and make her feel good about
herself.
Think it through folks.
If you are out promoting any form of
religiosity,
like the toter is the Jewish Messiah or
the Christian Christ,
what are you doing with your life?
Why are you throwing it away?
He says, if you do that,
just as they have been,
you'll be destroyed.
You'll be exterminated.
Your life will end.
God's not going to say to you,
we want to apologize.
Maybe you need a pardon.
Okay,
what about some capricious forgiveness?
I didn't really mean all of that about
you dying if you didn't pay any heed
to what I said.
Let's...
I'll be capricious.
I'll be like the religious gods.
I'll cut you some slack because, you know,
I've seen that, you know,
you tried once or twice.
You have a good heart.
You mean well.
No, you don't.
You're vicious.
You don't mean well.
You're just fooling yourselves.
And God's not gonna change.
And he's not gonna cut you any slack.
And there will be no second chances.
There will be no pardon.
This is once and for all.
You need to know God's criterion for you
to move forward or to be pushed away
and aside.
And you're running out of time to figure
it out.
So I thank you for listening.
Look forward to being...
part of your life in our next broadcast
from the library studio.
May God bless you all.